pulsar quantum hd 38 with imager
high class made in belarus
complete with a thermal imager you get
video cable for connecting external
recorder output images to
monitor
neck strap
car power adapter
cigarette lighter imager
spare battery container
cleaning cloth for optics
instruction manual
and 3 year warranty
pulsar quantum hd 38 s comes in
case that can be attached to the belt
hang around your neck or shoulder
and
thermal imager housing is made of durable
carbon fiber
it is protected from water spray due to
partial
rubberizing the device on slips and
comfortable in the hand
fingers are located above the main
control buttons with strap
whoever you can additionally
install an external unit on the imager
power supply or video recorder
ring on the eyepiece you can produce it
diopter settings from
it was 5 to plus 5 diopters
at the heart of this thermal imager is french
high resolution matrix 384 by 288
pixels which provides serious
detailing down to individual hair
a person from a distance of several meters
the device will allow you to detect
moving objects the size of a person
up to 950 meters wheel
Encoder allows you to adjust the brightness
for example lower it at night when high
brightness
tiring eyes the three main buttons on
thermal imager housing is the inclusion
calibration
and double digital zoom
the imager is powered by four
finger batteries which
placed in a special container
put it in the battery compartment of the device
on this set of batteries device
will work for about 5 hours
however, to increase the time you work
can buy additional external
power supply by which you
will be able to work with the device up to 20 hours
pulsar quantum hd 38 with this is probably the most
affordable device on the market with a matrix
high resolution and large lens
besides this extended warranty in three
years and the popularity of this device among
hunters make it profitable
purchase a thermal imager
quantum hd 38 s right now we have on
the site
al am an point ru and get it with
Free delivery throughout Russia